I'm a boss ass bitch bitch bitch bitch
bitch bitch bitch im a boss ass bitch
bitch bitch bitch bitch hi guys it is
children he'll welcome to an in-form kit
yee pink slip lads as you can see he's
in the reserves area over there if we
reach 200 lat / i will pink slip free
flares out of this TV week that's
including the cam from Dortmund and
Modric and obviously somebody else in
the team of the week so as you can see
we have a quiet do better and here the
balance over 79 pace check out people
beauty store and use this con carne for
five percent offer cheap and reliable
quaint that is and I'm gonna go into the
game now follow me on Twitter to be in
with the chance of playing me for these
players pink slips wages just tweet me
so you know I'm gonna go into the game
now let's go okay this as you can see
the person has drained the game yes 78
attack 79 midfield and 79 defense so
we're gonna go into the game now he has
a white and red weight and i have a
white and blue kit so let's see what
team he's going to come and play me with
come on come on come on who's he gonna
have oh my god benteke Remy Sherlock
whoo co-owner it's very very sweaty and
for it about but hopefully I can do some
damage to this 1000 will go on cuz that
you overtake somebody story fuck man
toot oh how did you miss
201 do we need yes get it there Jesus
Navas in the 57th minute it is now one
nail come on go on go on yes it bruh
nothing slattern possible school with
yes it's too new I don't care aren't you
guys on the line and I've sweated it yes
the ledger card warehouse put it into
the back of the neck come on go go on go
on head up head up head up go yes sir
let's who goes now wet hes on 2 equals
kind of get hot shit come on know for
sure school we shall our papers minute
could go there more gonna lie shallow
shit Ronaldo's good yes forward
cristiano ronaldo water go they weren't
even that great but i'll go to go lads
and I need to win this game hey Babu
Jesus Christ bet against got the gold
for two now okay the last of the game is
over it's been a very very tight game
especially in the second off the first
off was quite boring I'm not allowed I
did think it's going to turn out to be
40 remember that if we reach 200 laps
left I walk pink slip free player at
this team of the week all go for around
about 400 k so ask me about your new
checkout fee for UT store per team I
reliable quaint piece